README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Revise README for UX/UI Designer Portfolio
Updated README to reflect project details and features.

README.md, after:

# Jonathan Baker: UX/UI Designer & Developer Portfolio

## Features
Responsive Navigation: Includes a fixed navigation bar with smooth scrolling links to the main sections (Home/About, Projects, Contact).

About Section: Highlights skills including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js, PHP, Figma, Adobe XD, and Adobe Illustrator.

Project Showcase: A dynamic grid displaying recent work with project descriptions, tech stack badges, and direct links to GitHub repositories and live application/demos.

Contact Form: A functional form for visitors to get in touch, utilizing the EmailJS service for secure communication.

Performance: Built with Next.js for optimization and includes Vercel Analytics for performance monitoring.

## Tech Stack
This project is built using the following core technologies and libraries:

### Frontend

Framework: Next.js

Library: React

Styling: CSS Modules, PostCSS, and Tailwind CSS

UI Icons: React Icons

### Form Submission

@emailjs/browser: For handling contact form submissions.

nodemailer: Listed as a dependency, likely used for server-side email functionality or reference.
